>> Brian Holt: So, something I wanted
to show you before we move on.
Two things I wanted to mention.
Both of these have to do with
Estelle Weyl, who is- she's fantastic.
She's one, when it comes to CSS, she's
like, gee, she is like top of the game.
She's really, really smart.
Really great person.
First of all, she has a Friend and
Masters course that's A plus,
like in depth CSS stuff.
Far, far more talented and far better
than I am with these kind of things,
with things like she knows how to do and
things like that.
So if you wanna go deeper in CSS
that is definitely the path.
And then she also made this
thing called CSS SpeciFISHity,
which is quite cute, I think.
I did ask her if I could use this.
So, she gracefully allowed me to.
And this kind of just like uses fish
to demonstrate how specificity works.
So the littlest one is
the universal selector,
which is the wild card one
that I was talking about.
And then you have plankton
which represents tags, right?
And then if you have two fish,
then you have, or like two planktons,
then you have two tag specificity.
And then,
you can have a bunch of them, but
it's still just a bunch of tiny plankton.
As soon as you specify one fish, right,
one fish beats all of
the plankton in the ocean.
I don't know if that's necessarily true,
but I'm saying it.
[LAUGH] This is now
a course in marine biology.
[LAUGH]
That does more than
a bunch of plankton, right?
And so you can eventually get down here,
and you have a bunch of fish, and
you eventually get a shark, right?
And that's one ID, and
then if you do inline styles,
we haven't talk about inline styles,
that's on purpose a little bit.
But you can actually do styles directly
on your tags, like as a attribute on
your html, and
that actually outweighs IDs.
And then you have the bomb,
which is important,
which even outweighs that, right?
So just a nice little thing, I think
she actually sells posters of this,
which I think kinda cute.
There's also a version of
this that does Star Wars.
And they have storm troopers, and
Darth Vaders, and stuff like that,
which is kinda fun, too.
So, I just wanted to show you that.
It's kinda a nice concrete
visual to understand where
some of that stuff is coming out of.